Release influxctl v2.9.5 and v2.9.6 (#5565)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/cli/influxctl/_index.md

| Command                                                                     | Description                            |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------- |

> | [auth](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/cli/influxctl/auth/)             | Login or logout of InfluxDB v3         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [auth](/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/cli/influxctl/auth/)             | Log in to or log out of InfluxDB v3         |
```
